README.md, before:

# E-Commerce-BackEnd

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Technology](#technology)
- [Links](#links)

## Description

Our task this week is to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying the starter code provided for us. We need to configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database. We also need to provide a walkthrough video that demonstartes its functionality.

## User Story

    AS A manager at an internet retail company
    I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies
    SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies

## Acceptance Criteria

    GIVEN a functional Express.js API
    WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
    THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
    WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
    THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
    WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
    THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
    WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags
    THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
    WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia
    THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database

## Screenshots

## Technology

## Links

Email: andynguyen_3@hotmail.com <br />
Github: https://github.com/androneus14 <br />

Commit message:

filling out README. Not sure if format is correct. testing

README.md, after:

# E-Commerce-BackEnd

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Technology](#technology)
- [Links](#links)

## Description

Our task this week is to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying the starter code provided for us. We need to configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database. We also need to provide a walkthrough video that demonstartes its functionality.

## User Story

    AS A manager at an internet retail company
    I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies
    SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies

## Acceptance Criteria

    GIVEN a functional Express.js API
    WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
    THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
    WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
    THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
    WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
    THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
    WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags
    THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
    WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia
    THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database

## Installation

1. Clone the git repository.
2. Run npm install to install dependencies.
3. Log in to your MySQL and input
   source db/schema.sql
   and to access the schema. Then input
   use ecommerce_db
   to select the correct database.
4. Once those steps have been executed, quit out of your MySQL and input
   npm run seed
   to seed data to your database.
5. Once that's done, input
   node server.js
   to start running the application.

## Screenshots

## Technology

1. Node.js
2. MySQL
3. Express
4. Sequelize
5. Dotenv

## Links

Email: andynguyen_3@hotmail.com <br />
Github: https://github.com/androneus14 <br />
